-- Love this new deal at CVS where you buy one item and get 3 extra feet of receipt paper.
At this stage of my life, my main criteria for a new car is that the gas cap is on the same side as my old car.
-- Not to brag, but internet pop-ups often tell me that local single girls want to fuck me.
What wine pairs best with this David Guetta chord progression?
Pretty sure I've been vaccinated for everything after using that sign-in pen at the doctor's office.
-- There's no we in pizza.
-When a guest at my house is in the bathroom 3 minutes I tap on the door and ask if everything's coming out alright cuz I'm an attentive host
I've never tried Meth, but I imagine its something like trying to get out of your car while still wearing your seatbelt.
-- There are two "i's" in narcissist & they fucking hate each other.
If I had to pick my favorite weather tracker 7000, I'd probably have to go with nipples.  Yeah, definitely nipples.
It grieves me to live in a world that no longer has time, or remembers how to Carlton dance.
Crime rates are down 100% after President Obama made it illegal to do crimes. "I don't know why we didn't think of this before," he said.
-- Everyone in the office demanding that our water cooler get fixed needs to realize that doing so means it could never have any more children.
When I say I'm as sober as a judge I mean Steven Tyler.
Honestly, I don't care if the baby is a boy or a girl as long as it has a penis.
-- Renaming random files on the server because the vending machine is out of Dr Pepper.
Just the tip? Do some guys have more than the tip?
Due to recent developments in the love market, my emotional trust funds are temporarily frozen.
-- Morals are by far my least favorite kind of oral
-- My gynecologist is pissed because apparently I'm a guy and she's my neighbor and not even a doctor and now I'm running home w/o pants its cold send valentine cards
-- It's not gay if he calls his ass his pussy.
Thanks for the Facebook invite to your wedding cheapass. Please enjoy this FarmVille mystery gift on the occasion of your marriage.
-- Doggy style means you get a treat afterwards, right?
-- At the end of the day, it's 11:59pm.
-- I'm running a 3k to raise awareness for the Klan.
Where are all the sour patch parents?
If I got paid to get high on my couch, I would definitely get a couch.
My signature sex move is "right click," "save as."
I'm not clapping for you; I'm giving myself a bunch of high fives.
I hate it when I have to do something lame for 40 hours a week just to survive for 65 years straight.
-- Coincidentally, girls who get hammered a lot are easier to nail.
-- I prefer texting over talking on the phone because I can't backspace the words that come out of my mouth.
-- Sorry I'm not up to your spaniards of intelligence.
-- Apparently addressing the elephant in the room isn't a fat thing. Now I feel like a dick.
I'm a narsciic- narcssiss- narcasassi- narcysis-narcis- ... I'm better than you.
I just saved a bunch of Fucks by not giving any.
-- Of all things, "baby shower" probably has the most misleading title.
-- Did the Jetsons ever explain why there weren't any black people in the future?
-- The difference between orphans and non-orphans is a parent.
Some days I hate getting up for work, but then I think oh well, only another 40 years to go, and that always cheers me up.
-- New Business Idea: Match.com but for socks
-- Maybe Eminem wasn't that nervous and his mom just made really bad spaghetti.
-- Anyone know if Pizza Hut delivers to rock bottom?
-- I forgot to tell you guys I'm at the gym so if you need to get ahold of me I'll be at the gym and I'll talk to you after I leave the gym.
I'm worried that my boyfriend is gay.
Believe me. Everything I say is faux real.
What do we want? HEARING AIDS! When do we want them? WHAT?!?
My nana was a freak in the sack.  Now granted, we didn't stuff her in that sack often, but boy would she freak out when we did.
-- It's like that old Vegan saying; "You can't make an omelet"
Just once I would like to be summoned by a king, or a wizard, instead of the courts.
My superpower is thinking of better wording as soon as I hit send on a post.
Well, today was a complete waste of clean clothes.
-- Fool me once, shame on you. Fool me twice, shame on me. Fool me 94,239 times, you are the weatherman.
- I have enough money to live comfortably for the rest of my life, if I die next Thursday
-- "extra cheese" should be the average amount of cheese on everything.
-- Not to get technical ... but according to chemistry, alcohol IS a solution.
- Sixty percent of pit bull attacks occur between tying the bandana around its neck and putting the sunglasses on its face.
My favorite holiday drink is the Little Drummer Boy. It's one part rum, three parts pum.
Instagram is down. Guess I'll have to do what my ancestors did and draw my lunch.
-- Raise your hand if you put walnuts in your brownies. Now use that hand and slap your face.
FACEBOOK HAS ISSUED A WINTER WHINING WARNING, IN EFFECT UNTIL NOON FRIDAY.
Feminism is a great idea on paper but I CAN'T READ
-- Maybe Dorothy didn't yearn for her home in Kansas. Perhaps she needed to lay low & feign amnesia after she committed double homicide in Oz.
Be careful of the trickle down effect.  You might get wet.
-- I'm opening up a bar called The Gym so we don't have to lie anymore.
Don't let people push you around. Unless you're in a wagon...cuz that shit is fun.
Thinking about naming our new puppy Tupac, just so i can say that I'm chillin' with my dog Tupac.
Just drew a bunch of dicks on my friend's face. I love open-casket funerals!!
-- Gross fact: Taco Bell burritos contain less than 10% real bell
-One celebratory confetto
- I don't like to call it plastic surgery. I like to think I'm tailoring my birthday suit.
Guess what: My candy bar-shaped piñata is filled with raw donkey meat!
Balloons are so much more expensive than when I was a kid. Probably because the cost of inflation.
Sure helicoptering my penis is fun I guess, but I feel like its going nowhere.
-- I'm one intestinal parasite away from my ideal weight.
-- NEVER bras UNDERESTIMATE THE POWER OF are SUGGESTION bad
If I get a "Thank You" card, I send back a "You're Welcome" card because I'm polite and I'll be damned if they're getting the last word.
I'm kind of a mediocre deal.
I need you, like a newborn needs the comfort and warmth of a mothers breast, to drift into blissful slumber. You are my Boob!
Just fyi, "Jesus take the wheel" is not a winning defense in a vehicular manslaughter case.
The gf just blew a .27 after sucking my dick.
Well, if you really want a second date, I'll need you to put the Pringles can back on your hand and take this battle seriously.
If I'm ever in a Christian rock band & we aren't called Nuns 'n' Moses, I'll renounce music forever.
-- My therapist keeps telling me "Bro, I'm not your therapist. I'm just a liquor store cashier."
-- I'm just sayin ... nobody's ever seen Psy and Kim Jong-Un in the same room.
When I die, my tombstone is going to be a monitor with an endless scroll of my TL, and visitors can touch it to give likes.
Would a woman's chest hair be called bubes?
-- Does Bono spell his name with one exclamation mark or two?
My reality check bounced.
-- Babies are instinctual swimmers like puppies, right? Kind of need an answer quickly.
When I found out Oxygen and Magnesium were going out I was like "OMg"
The number one rule of being a hood rat is throwing your purse into a tree when a fight breaks out.
-- Write "I hope the kid isn't born with freckles in the shape of a swastika" in the card and get to leave the baby shower early.
Fell down in a bar last night but didn't spill my drink.  Is there an online application for Seal Team-6 or do I just wait for them to call?
I just stopped the microwave after the time disappeared but before the beep, in case anyone needs me to defuse a bomb.
Oh, you're an Accidental Racist? I'm not any kind of racist. But good luck with that.
I'm white trash but not "hold my baby, hold my weed, shits about to get real" white trash
I'm developing an app that locates sex offenders near you. It's really just a directory of Catholic churches, but it's pretty accurate.
I've never seen anyone drink Bud Light Platinum but I've never been to a fancy trailer park either.
-- I hope these caterpillars in my paper airplane bought life insurance.
-- Oh. My. God. Becky. Look. At. Her. Medical chart. She. Is. So. Sick.
- On a lighter note, anorexia.
-- I hate how funerals are always at 9 or 10 AM. I'm not a mourning person.
-- If you ask what I feel like eating, 100% of the time its pizza. If I dont say pizza, I resisted saying pizza to seem normal.. but its pizza.
I like to say "good morning" to older people after 1pm & watch their face burn with the hate fire of a thousand suns for me & my generation.
May the divorce be with you
I think I'm going to carve "cheating asshole" into the side of my car, so eople actually think I get laid.
Hipster zombie movie: Night of the Living Dead Inside.
“You’re a whizzer, Harry.” -Hagrid talking to his penis, creepily also named ‘Harry'
Funny how shampoo bottles weigh like, 2 pounds in real life, but when dropped in the shower they turn into a meteor.
No I didn't check my phone 6000 times in the last 10 m inutes to see if you texted back...I just like to know what time it is.
I got a credit card application from my insurance company today, which I can only assume is like getting a thank-you-note from your rapist.
Someone special is coming over tonight, so I'm taking this Mac and Cheese back to the store and getting name brand.
Is knowing the theme songs to everything on Nick Jr. sexy to women?
I wouldn't last a minute on a farm.  I can't last a minute in bed, so I don't see why it would be any different on a farm.
-- I don't know what gluten is but I know I like it.
Autocorrect, but for when I'm trying to talk to girls
What if all taxi drivers are on the same conference call?
-- Face down, ass up, that's the way we found Nana. RIP
-- You wake me up AFTER you Go-Go??? Did you not understand my explicit directions???
Spread your lies elsewhere, turkey bacon.
- Today, I saw a midget prisoner climbing down a wall. As he turned and sneered at me, I thought: 'that's a little condescending'.    
--- I told my son I think he's worthless, but jokes on him, I still believe in him.
I survived two years under the rule of a crazed dictator. He turned 3 today. This shall be known as the Third Reich.
Just bought a $300 dollar tent so I can camp outside Best Buy for 3 days to save $20 on a TV.
Save a life by counting to 10 backwards while slowly releasing and removing your hands from their neck.
I need an otterbox for my heart.
Maybe baby deserved to be put in a corner. We don't know...
At the airport. They say report anything suspicious. This lady's wearing Crocs with a business suit. What do I do?!
I wish I had the motivation of the guy driving in the rain with the window down and a towel for a windshield wiper, fyi, he passed me.
I must be doing it wrong, my version of Hot Mess is when I'm done eating a plate full of Buffalo Wild Wings
Nothing says commitment like the guy walking with his wife's purse while they're shopping
I'm not anti-social. Your breath is.
A good marriage is like pizza, at first it's awesome and hot, then it cools down so it needs to be heated back up
Open bottle, allow it to breathe. If it does not look like it's breathing, give it mouth to mouth -Beer
Age is merely a number of years the world has been enjoying you.
Alanis Morissette taking anemia pills for an irony deficiency
1. Glue Mentos to cat. 2. Fill bathtub with Diet Coke. 3. Toss in Cat. 4. Post video online. 5. Congratulations, you win the Internet.
I'm not a morning person. I'm not a night person. I'm not an afternoon person. I don't think I'm a person.
Just let out a fart while peeing and it sounded like a fighter jet crashing into a bubble wrap factory.
Just coughed out a fart that sounded like Jack Nicholson saying "get going" with a sock in his mouth.
Just finished a yawn with a sneeze. I have never felt more satisfied in my entire life.
-- I put the D in "Glory Holes"
~ I could realistically only pull off one, maybe two more addictions.
"Paypal me your lunch money!" -Cyber Bullies
I put suicide notes next to roadkill so their animal families have some closure
To the black guys who love dating obese white women I only have 2 words for you. Thank You!
-- America: where obesity is genetics, but homosexuality is a choice
So I guess wearing wading boots and bringing a can of bullshit repellant to the Corporate sales meeting is frowned upon?
You know, if it wasn't for the sexy bodies, great personalities, pretty eyes, and amazing smiles, I wouldn't even talk to girls.
My paycheck is why I can't have nice things.
I'm no amateur crastinator.
Cheer up, craft singles.  You'll meet someone one of these days.
I think I may attempt David Hasselhoff drunk tonight
-- Had a traumatic experience with a failing bridge as a child and now I have major truss issues.
- Some cute girl just winked at me with both eyes at the same time.
-- One of those around-the-neck harmonica holders but for sandwiches.
-- I see u driving round town with the girl I love and I'm like "SHE FIGHTS AS GUILE & JUST DOES THE FLIP KICK DUDE"
I wish someone would call me "Sir" without adding, "You're making a scene."
You look like I could use a drink.
-- Pick up artists and garbage men should switch names.
Darth Vader must be incredibly behind in child support payments
-- I fart in hallways for the acoustics, not the privacy.
Remember when I gived a shit? Gave a shat? Gove a shoot? Fuck tenses. I don't give a shitted.
When the cable guy said he'd be here between 7-10, I didn't realize he meant July to October.
I put my hands up in front of my chest so I can enjoy the hug too.
How embarrassing! There's another 30 year old guy at this high school graduation party wearing the exact same ankle monitor as me!
Soup of the day: Whiskey
Some people should carry a poop scoop around with them to pick up all the shit that comes out of their mouths.
My girlfriend said I make her feel invisible. I didn't even know I had a girlfriend.
I lost my mood ring. I don't know how to feel about it.
I think I just pulled my liver.
Its sad knowing astronauts can never burn fellow astronauts with a great joke and then drop the mic like a badass. *mic slowly floats away
i don't see how a heart of gold would be very good or nice. i'd rather love a heart of marshmallows
-- "Beez in the trap, beez beez in the trap. Beez in the trap beez beez in the trap." - Nicki Minaj posting My Girl spoilers on IMDB
~ Every time you stop, drop, shut em down but forget to open up shop, you cost this company thousands. We have to let you go, DMX.
I like my women like I like my golf scores, in the 80s with a slight handicap
I like my women like I like my whiskey, 12 yrs old and in the basement.
I like my women like I like my whiskey, 12 yrs old and mixed up with coke.
I like my onion rings like I like my upbringing, beer battered.
I like my women like I like my books, well read and bound in leather.
I like my papers like I like my skirts, long enough to cover the material and short enough to keep it interesting.
I like my coffee like I like my women: Without a penis
I like my women like I like my file systems. FAT and 16.
I like my women like I like my coffee beans. Thrown into a sack and transported illegally across Central America.
I like my women like I like my christmas decorations; stored in my basement, taped up and only used once a year
I like my women like I like my microwave.Cool on the outside, warm on the inside, and she'll kill any baby I put inside her
I like my women like I like my coffee, hot and all over my crotch while I'm driving.
~-- I like my women like I like my censorship, ██████████████ and █████.
I like my women like I like my brownies, without nuts.
I like my women like I like my zombies. Mindless, moaning, and easily avoidable.
I like my humor like I like my women... immature...
Just used a full size twix bar to stir my coffee. If I ever forget my passport, this tweet doubles as proof of U.S. citizenship.
I'm single by choice..  Not my choice, but choice nonetheless..
My gf told me to "man up" because I've been acting like a bitch lately. I don't think so, but I'll ask my gynecologist about it anyway.
I just made eye contact through the bathroom stall crack and now I can't break it because I need to establish dominance.  This is awkward.
What if the hokey pokey IS where it's at?
Anytime I'm invited anywhere I weigh out my decision based solely on the SNACKS
My favorite thing about doing arm curls is when the whiskey enters my mouth
-- I had a Goldfish that could break dance on the carpet.  But only for like 20 seconds.  And only once.
"Pop it like it's hot!" -Orville Redenbacher, probably.
I sure eat a lot of cookies for a bad A MoFo
Everybody, make sure your tweets aren't lies! No lies. No jokes. No fun. You better be who you say you are! This is a SERIOUS website.
Oh, I'm too big for your baby pool?                      Challenge. Accepted.
2 words: Breakfast. Nachos.
"Historic" is housing slang for "haunted".
127 HOURS but me trying to get my hand out of the Pringles can
Hey do you think 'I was in an alcoholic blackout' is the best way to explain the gaps on my resume?
I am an amazing hacker. My neighbors' WIFI password was no match for my crowbar, ladder, and 50 foot ethernet cable.
Protecting your tweets is like locking the bathroom door behind you after you clog the toilet.                         
Duck hunt...but with people who make duck faces
-- If you hold your sneeze in, I immediately lose a little bit of respect for you.
Relationship status:  A four year old just asked me to marry him and I actually considered his offer.
This "half the fat but all of the flavor" brownie tastes like lies.
-- From the way these other drivers are acting you'd think they've never seen a lady make a right turn from the left lane.
I wish I was rich enough to go to poor countries.
Congrats to Oprah! Just heard she made the cover of next month's O Magazine!!
DAMN it I just painted an amazing picture but accidentally painted a lens cap over the whole thing
Las Vegas is what would happen if a spam filter came to life
I call my vagina Denny's because seniors eat free on Tuesdays
There's no way to prove that all murders aren't just time travelers killing future Hitlers
I'm going to request my last meal with fresh ground pepper & when the waiter tells me to say "when" to the pepper I'm just never going to
If Kanye's kid doesn't end up writing an autobiography and calling it "North by North West" then fuck everything.
A frog goes into a bank and approaches the teller. He can see from her nameplate that her name is Patricia Whack. "Miss Whack, I'd like to get a $30,000 loan to take a vacation." Patty looks at the frog in disbelief and asks his name. The frog says his name is Kermit Jagger, his dad is Mick, and that it's okay, he knows the bank manager. Patty explains that he will need to secure the loan with some collateral. The frog says, "Sure. I have this," and produces a tiny porcelain elephant, about an inch tall, bright pink and perfectly formed. Very confused, Patty explains that she'll have to consult with the bank manager and disappears into a back office. She finds the manager and says, "There's a frog called Kermit Jagger out there who claims to know you and wants to borrow $30,000, and he wants to use this as collateral." She holds up the tiny pink elephant. "I mean, what in the world is this?" ... The bank manager looks back at her and says... "It's a knick-knack, Patty Whack. Give the frog a loan. His old man's a Rolling Stone."
-- "Is your refrigerator running?" "Yes.." "Good, mine too, I will see you at the refrigerator race tomorrow."
-- A magic tractor drives down the road and turns into a field.
What's red and bad for your teeth? A brick.
A man with carrots in his ears walks onto a bus, the bus driver says "Sir, why do you have carrots in your ears?" The man says "WHAT? I CAN'T HEAR YOU, I HAVE CARROTS IN MY EARS!"
-- What did one lawyer say to the other lawyer? "We are both lawyers."
What's green with wheels? Grass. I lied about the wheels.
Mahatma Gandhi, as you know, walked barefoot most of the time, which produced an impressive set of calluses on his feet. He also ate very little, which made him rather frail and, with his odd diet, he suffered from bad breath. This made him a super calloused fragile mystic hexed by halitosis.
Wanna hear 2 short jokes and a long one? Joke joke jooooooooke
My girlfriend bet me that I couldn't make a car out of ravioli. You should have seen her face when I drove right pasta!
What do you get when you cross a joke with a rhetorical question?
A pun, a play on words, and a limerick walk into a bar. No joke.
A Native American chief has three wives. The first lived in a teepee made out of bear skin, and she bore him a son. The second under a buffalo skin, and she also had a son. The third lived in a teepee made out of hippo skin, and she gave birth to twin sons. Therefore, the squaw of the hippopotamus is equal to the sons of the squaw of the other two hides.
A Roman walks into a bar, holds up two fingers, and says, "Five beers, please".
Sometimes to sound smart I just masturbate a big word into a sentence even when I dont know its meaning.
Why do engineers confuse Halloween and Christmas? Because Oct 31 = Dec 25
A Higgs Boson walks into a church and the priest says "we don't allow Higgs Bosons in here". The Higgs Boson then replies "but without me, how could you have mass?"
Entropy isn't what it used to be.
-- I am totally fine with this new law that defines people that hold their nose when they're underwater as second class citizens.
In high school I was shy & awkward but now I'm 26
Black guy just told me "Stay up playa" but didnt say until what time and I usually go to bed around 11 so not sure what to do now.
Ice cream truck. But for Alcohol.
Don't mess with me. I'm straight up suburban. I will fuck you up on Facebook.
My guess is once Aaron Hernandez’s in prison he won’t be a Tight End for long.  Nope. Not even sorry.
It's hard to explain puns to kleptomaniacs because they always take things literally.
The Lakers are the Amanda Bynes of sports.
Top 4 Moments of Intense Eye Contact: 4. Proposing marriage 3. Wedding Vows 2. Childbirth 1. Catching the dog taking a dump on the rug
Sometimes I sit on my hand till it's numb so it feels like someone else is googling my name
-- you can lead a horse to water, but you can't make it break dance without some kind of system of weights and pulleys
Son theres 2 types of kids in the world those who argue about gaming consoles and those whose Dads know 500 goes pretty far at the stripclub
http://i.imgur.com/oWGNnEG.gif
Made mad cash the last few months, so gonna splurge on some new tires finally. You could say it's been a *puts on sunglasses* Good Year
Oh the irony of the beauty section in Walmart.
If you like water, then you already like 72% of me.
The only dates I get are the expiration dates on my food.
-- 9-1-1 what's your emergency? I FELT A BOOB AND THERES NO ONE TO HIGH FIVE Sir please stay on the line  we're dispatching out our coolest cop
> Be detective > Wear trenchcoat > Outline deadman's boner "Hi. I'm Dick Tracy"
I like my women how I like my coffee, with little or no pubic hair.
78% is my go-to number for fake statistics.
-- I'm white but not "think a $70 rubber band on my wrist will make me run faster and lose weight" white.
I got my license to ill from ITT Technical Institute.
Look, I told you I loved apple jacks when I met you, no sense gettin all mad cause you asked what I wanted for dinner and I said apple jacks
If Lifetime movies have taught me anything it's never be a moderately attractive white woman.
To trot or not to trot. That is Equestrian.
Ate dinner by myself last night because SOLO
Doctor told me I only have 6 months to live, maybe 12 if I get enough likes on Facebook.
-- Kanye and Kim's kid will be 1/2 huge ass, and 1/2 huge ass.
MILLION DOLLAR IDEA: An alarm clock that sounds like a dog's pre-puke warning grunts.
Mermaids: Can't live with them, can't beat them in a potato sack race.
-- Top uses for Golf Balls: 1. Describing hail storms 2. Describing tumors 3. Playing golf
She says: "I'll do anything but sex" He hears: "I'll do anything" and "butt sex" And this, folks, is why dating is hard.
~ I wonder if my roommate gets overwhelmed living with a pokemon master.
-- A long time ago I used to confuse your, you're, and yore.
Every 60 minutes without you pass like an hour for me.
The only reason getting shit on by a bird is lucky is because everything that happens to you after is not getting shit on by a bird.
Thankfully this glass of ice has been fortified with vitamin scotch
-- When the boss says "you're getting a little behind", she doesn't appreciate it when you wink and say "thanks I've been working out."
-- It's pretty ironic that most anti-depressants make you fat.
Heroes is just one typo away from herpes.
A recent scientific study has revealed a bunch of shit I don't understand.
~ Victoria's Secret is that she's a greedy corporate man.
- Yo girl is your vagina a Holiday Inn Express? Because it's covered in pubes
You mean "Dr. Whom." -Assholes
-- I'm smarter than the average bear.  But I'm dumber than most foxes and some of the more intelligent bears.
-- My super power is taking one mistake and repeatedly making it.
How come nobody's staring at their phones in Back to the Future II?
-- You guys ever cheat with free refills?  Like instead of getting the same thing, you fill your cup with hand soap to avoid grocery shopping.
- In between boners is called downtime
Don't stand around me if I have a boner in a lightening storm.
I am so overwhelmed by the birthday love, and SO underwhelmed by the birthday gifts!!!!!!!
Nothing says "I got a DUI" like trying to get a case of beer home on your bicycle.
-- Good morning, buttholes. Be sure to make your significant others uncomfortable with your social media usage today!
Mom sang me to sleep when I was little but then dad would come crawling in my room to scream at me. They later went on to form Linkin Park.
-- You're gonna motherfucking love the way you look - The Men's Swearhouse
The Clapper but for conversations
-- Oh LinkedIn, what juicy tidbits do you have for me today? *raises monocle* Stanley added a skill?! HAHA! That is most delightful! *sips tea*
Do you live in a dogless, childless, airportless, lawnless, neighborhood? If so, may I come over so I can take a nap?
Her text said "your funny", which makes me feel like she may not be qualified to make that assessment.
-- The sex offenders registry really confuses me.  I don't have to send a gift right?
Thug life didn't choose me, my girlfriend picked it out. It was on sale at Lululemon.  Thanks Renee.
head butt you with my foot
Michael J. Fox is probably the Jimi Hendrix of the tambourine.
No matter how much mascara I put on my dick I can't seem to make it thicker, fuller or longer lasting.
-- I'm at my most ninja when I stick something back in the fridge & yank my hand out before the door closes on my arm.
-- In high school I was voted "Most likely to become president." Man, I proved those idiots wrong!
During sex I like to suddenly stop moving for 30 seconds... It's super poopular on pornhub. Its called buffering.
Dumbledore on the streets and Voldemort in the sheets.
-- FUNERAL REQUEST: Put strings on me to puppeteer my corpse to N'Syncs "Bye bye Bye".
Does this Tapout shirt make my fat look like muscle, bro?
-- Going to dress up as a Jedi today and open automatic doors for people with the force. NO YOU GET A LIFE.
-- A lot of people keep telling me my grammar stinks, what the fuck did you expect, she's 82 years old!
-- "Its not you. Its me." ~twins going through a photo album
Once was a girl from Nantucket // All day online she said fuck it // When told how to live // Yelled no fucks to give // Then drank rum out of a bucket
Teamwork is key. 1 stick is easy to break, but 10 sticks... why do you have 10 sticks? What are you, the fuckin' stick guy?
Now kids please open page 153 of your history book app & lets discuss that time period where parents were naming their kids Bruce
If you've never had a sex dream about the owl from the Tootsie Pop commercial, well good for you I guess.
I always forget that the name Doug is short for Dough
I wonder if athletes ever think about the gamblers whos lives they've ruined
-- Playing a little game called Duct, Duct, Tape with the kids.
People won't always be there for you. Get over it. As long as you're there for you, you're good. Remember that.
-- Republicans haven't been this divided since they nominated the guy who created the health care law they're trying to defund.
-- "The pizza is in season, sir." "I will have the pizza." "Excellent choice, sir."
Watering your lawn is basically telling God that He is not doing a good enough job with the weather
if seals lived on land we'd call them landls
How come when David Blaine makes himself vanish it's "magic" and people applaud but when I make him vanish it's "a crime" and people applaud
Baby if I could rearrange the alphabet I'd confuse the hell out of a lot of kindergarteners
~ 33 is the sex number for buttstacking
I'm going to be famous as hell when I finally upload my Jurassic Park fan edit where you can see all the dinosaurs' dicks
-- You can't call them "sneakers" if they light up. your stealth capabilities are severely compromised. fucking idiot 8 year old
idea for new Grand Theft Auto-type game: "RUMSPRINGA," where Amish kids go crazy on their year off and kill cops/beat up hookers/etc
How many pasta bowls are in a binge
-- "Evvvvvvvery pooooooop / has its coooooooorn"
"I see people" -The Fifth Sense
Sometimes when it's nice out I feel bad playing Mario Kart inside all day, so I pick a sunny outdoor course like Koopa Troopa Beach.
Commercials for Hot Pockets would be more realistic if they had the kids screaming in agony as they burned their mouths on the cheese filling
Women are like instruction manuals. They're complicated as fuck and just when you think you don't need them you realize you do. Badly.
Every so often I'll listen to my mom talk non stop for like 5yrs at a time to remind myself why people wander into traffic without looking.
I burned 800 calories today by forgetting I had a pizza in the oven!
-- Nobody tries harder to look cool than a guy who didn't catch the frisbee and has to go pick it up.
This bartender doesn't know it yet but she's about to become a therapist.
"Don't worry, I will solve everything" -alcohol
-- Today I was a vegan in between lunch and dinner.
Looks don't matter to me if you're attractive.
-- OMG I LOVE THIS SONG! But it reminds me of my ex. How could you do this to me? -Women.
"Will, you, Mary, Me" -- invitation to an orgy.
My phone has 2 million times the storage of the 1969 Apollo 11 spacecraft computer. They went to the moon. I throw birds at pig houses.
I was in a serious relationship once. We never even smiled.
-- Dolls have given us an unrealistic image of women. For example, Russian women do not contain smaller Russian women inside them.
Why do I care about marriage equality? Because it's hard enough to find love in this world without some dick telling you it's illegal.
True love is when you'd Fuck-Marry-Kill the same person.
Spanish for wife - "esposa" Spanish for handcuffs - "esposas" Well played, Spanish
I always sleep naked. I don't care if it makes people uncomfortable, they can just switch buses.
- If the bible is correct, then Adam & Eve's children had to have sex with each other to propagate the species.  BUT NO WEIRD GAY SHIT!!
Girl, you must be iTunes terms and conditions, cuz just SHUT UP ALREADY, and I'll agree with you.
Forgot to turn on the oven. Food's been in there for 45mins. I know, cause I set the timer.
When you bodyslam your father to be with your mother, it's called an Oedipus Suplex.
-- Now is the time for Native Americans to quietly take over the federal government and set America back on track.
Toddlers with old man faces are the real terrorists
Her: What do you like about me? Me: Your crippling self esteem issues have caused you to lower your standards. Her: What? Me: Your eyes
1, 2, Buckle my shoe. 3, 4, Wonder what the fuck I'm doing in shoes with buckles.
I scream. You scream. We all scream. I'm not supposed to be at this slumber party.
-- If you hit people hard enough with a tennis racket they turn into waffles.
Her: What do you notice that's different about me?  Me: I'll just sleep on the sofa, see you in the morning.
I spend my weekends farting in libraries and then shushing people that complain.
-- I want my hearse to have 'JUST DIED' written on the windshield with cans tied to the rear bumper.
I'm never sure how many cartwheels is too many when approaching a woman to ask her out.
I wish we could hold each other forever. Or at least till I'm sure you're asleep and then I'll play vidja games.
-- I wonder how the Never-ending story is doing.
I love making slit throat gestures to annoying kids when their parents aren't looking.
Dodgeball but with random people that don't know they're playing.
Can we just skip the relationship and go straight to permanent mental scars and I'll give you two hoodies.
When I write my autobiography I'm going to leave several pages blank after I tell the stories about drinking and parties, for authenticity.
I tried taking a picture of my beer.  It did not last longer.
If I were to draw a dick on you, would you rub the dick to get it off? Nope. Don't even care.
Sometimes my brain draws the craziest lines to connect the most simple dots.
All my friends are married and have kids. I'll be single and awesome forever! Maybe party with their kids in 18 years.
There are plenty of chicks on the internet that like me but won't sleep with me either honey, that's not an exclusive club you're in.
I'm not saying women are smarter than men, but its kinda ironic that there's so few known women serial killers and so many unsolved murders.
I put the "love" in, "for The love of god put your fucking pants back on, this is a restaurant"
What I lack in youth and charisma, I make up for with snacks and sarcasm
I forgot my phone when I went to the bathroom. I think that counts as camping.
When my 2 y.o. throws a temper tantrum, I suddenly don’t feel so bad about leaving her with massive national debt & a destroyed environment.
-- If advertisers were smart, they’d make a silent, slow-motion commercial that runs at normal speed when you fast forward through it on a DVR.
My boss asked me what position I see myself in 5 years from now. I don’t know what answer he wanted, but king of the centaurs wasn’t it.
An app that throat punches the sender of a group text.
I like my chinese food how I like my voicemail. NO MSG
From my recent CAT Scan I know that there is a 97% chance that I am not a cat.
